# Portfolio-forecasting-and-optimization
The Mission:
The mission of this project is to give a client who is interested in creating a paid-tool for clients who want to manage their own investment accounts.


This optimal allocation strategy using most frequently portfolio optimisation methodologies: Mean-variance Optimisation. A user inputs an amount of money they want to invest using a parameter at the top of the dashboard in Tableau, and the Python script calculates the number of shares they should consider buying for each methodology. This is an illustrative example of a portfolio that considers the following crypto  : BitCoin, LiteCoin, Ethereum.
Other 3 stock which are as follows: Microsoft, Amazon and Macdonald.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This repository contains the following directories:
Tableau Workbook: This directory contains a Tableau file and a PNG image of the dashboard created for this project.
Notebooks This directory contains two Jupyter Notebooks:
Crypto.ipynb: This notebook creates random portfolios and includes code blocks to find the most efficient portfolios. This is for the socks BitCoin, LiteCoin, Ethereum.
              The Dashboard contains Daily price Trend of BitCoin, LiteCoin, Ethereum. I have used candel sick graph to represent the crypto. It gives more detailed 
              information to the client about the trend, which they have to follow for buying and selling the stock.

Portfolio_Optimizer.ipynb: This notebook creates random portfolios and includes code blocks to find the most efficient portfolios. This is for the socks  Microsoft, Amazon and Macdonald. This is for the future research also. However, the analysis of these 3 stocks also there in the file.

data loader.ipynb: This notebook extracts data using yfinance. This is seperated from the other files as maybe required in future to get different data with differnt sites. This notebook also seprated to keep history of the Tickers on which previously worked.

Data: This directory contains the output files generated by the notebooks, as well as CSV versions of the created dataframes.
Financial Research: This file contain all my research i have done on this topic.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dashboards:

